Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our model class for use it, you know that in previous lessons
we describe the user model on the server side.
So the logic will be the same on Kaline side because we will use model wave control or architecture
on angler's.
Also, we can go along with Kirgizstan, but models provide a structured model.
So we basically create these models or classes in order to avoid writing a lot of variables.
It is very helpful to have models and classes in our application.
So let's create the user model.
User class will be the same IT server side so it has a name, username, password, role and talk.
First of all, I'll create a new folder under the app and I can call it as models under the models package.
Let's create a file and call it as user.
That model, that case.
So it will be a typescript file.
So I'll write our class here.
Class name will be users.
It should be reachable by other components, so I should export it.
And here I simply want to define how it should look like I do this by adding user fields.
First field is idy and type of it should be no it can be undefined also if it is not defined.
The second one is the user name and the type of it should be streamed.
I can initialize it as blank.
The third one is the password and the type of it should be scissoring.
I can initialize it blank also.
The other one is the name and the type of it should be string.
I can initialize it blank.
The other one is the token and the type of it should be string.
Finally, I should describe the role field, but the rule field is an inam field in typescript.
I can also describe inam process and it provides better structure also that's created under the models
folder and we can call it as role that inam that Tierce.
I'll export it as Inam broth actually on the back and we have three different roles, but one of them
is internal, so we don't use it external so we can ignore it on the client side.
So user and admin roles will be enough on the client site.
Then we will create and imported from our user model class for initial video, we can use it as usit.
OK, that's all about the user middle class, thank you.